This is a new [**React Native**](https://reactnative.dev) project, bootstrapped using [`@react-native-community/cli`](https://github.com/react-native-community/cli).

## Team Apex
This app "ELDOME" is created by Team Apex, focusing on the welfare of older populations.

   Working Team:
   Front End& Mobile Application: Yun Fei
   Back End Team: Joel, Prakash
   Design Team: Jin Yue, Sam, Wang Qing Yi

## File Structure
- assets (image files)
- components (global header)
- data (Arbitary data for global usage)
-  screens (The various screens of the app)
-  Node Modules ( The dependencies)
- App.tsx (The main initiator)
- package.json ( All dependencies installed at init)

# 1. Installing the application
- **macOS & iOS**, you’ll need to install at least:
    - Homebrew, Node.js, Watchman, CocoaPods, Xcode and Xcode’s Command Line Tools.
    - Note, if you’re using a Mac with Apple silicon (e.g. M1), there be certain commands that differ with your CPU architecture in mind.
- **macOS & Android**, you’ll need to install at least:
    - Homebrew, Node.js, Watchman, Zulu OpenJDK and Android Studio.
    - Android Studio will require additional configuration by updating an `ANDROID_SDK_ROOT` environment variable, and setting up a virtual device (i.e. emulator).
    - Note, if you’re using a Mac with Apple silicon (e.g. M1), there be certain commands that differ with your CPU architecture in mind.
- **Windows & Android**, you’ll need to install at least:
    - Node.js, Java SE Development Kit and Android Studio.
    - Android Studio will require additional configuration by updating an `ANDROID_HOME` environment variable, and setting up a virtual device (i.e. emulator).
  
# 2. Getting Started with server
First, cd to the server folder 

Then, run 'npm install' after you have finished installing all the dependencies 

Remember to download and install MySql Modules, and start a connection on localhost

Then, same as the client, run 'npm start'

# 3. Getting Started with client

>**Note**: Make sure you have completed the [React Native - Environment Setup](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup) instructions till "Creating a new application" step, before proceeding.

## Step 3.1: Start the Metro Server

First, you will need to start **Metro**, the JavaScript _bundler_ that ships _with_ React Native.

To start Metro, run the following command from the _root_ of your React Native project:

```bash
# using npm
npm start

# OR using Yarn
yarn start
```

## Step 3.2: Start your Application

Let Metro Bundler run in its _own_ terminal. Open a _new_ terminal from the _root_ of your React Native project. Run the following command to start your _Android_ or _iOS_ app:

### For Android

```bash
# using npm
npm run android

# OR using Yarn
yarn android
```

### For iOS

```bash
# using npm
npm run ios

# OR using Yarn
yarn ios
```

If everything is set up _correctly_, you should see your new app running in your _Android Emulator_ or _iOS Simulator_ shortly provided you have set up your emulator/simulator correctly.

This is one way to run your app — you can also run it directly from within Android Studio and Xcode respectively.


# Troubleshooting

If you can't get this to work, see the [Troubleshooting](https://reactnative.dev/docs/troubleshooting) page.

# Learn More

To learn more about React Native, take a look at the following resources:

- [React Native Website](https://reactnative.dev) - learn more about React Native.
- [Getting Started](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup) - an **overview** of React Native and how setup your environment.
- [Learn the Basics](https://reactnative.dev/docs/getting-started) - a **guided tour** of the React Native **basics**.
- [Blog](https://reactnative.dev/blog) - read the latest official React Native **Blog** posts.
- [`@facebook/react-native`](https://github.com/facebook/react-native) - the Open Source; GitHub **repository** for React Native.

# References
Special Thanks to COMP2140 for the installation guide
Part of the ReadME is generated by React Native Modules
